Adding Switchable Boundary Conditions (#25806)
idaholab/moose: modules/navier_stokes/doc/content/source/fvbcs/INSFVSwitchableOutletPressureBC.md

# INSFVSwitchableOutletPressureBC

!syntax description /FVBCs/INSFVSwitchableOutletPressureBC

The file is similar to [INSFVOutletPressureBC.md] but it allows the boundary conditions to be switched on/off.

The switch works as follows:

- If `switch = true`: the boundary condition is applied as described in [INSFVOutletPressureBC.md].

- If `switch = false`: the boundary condition is not applied and a single sided extrapolation to the boundary

>   is applied from internal extrapolation. The user can expect second order convergence.

Reviewer: can the user expect second order convergence since we use single-term boundary expansion?

Author: Agree. Removed the expectation for second order convergence in the text

# INSFVSwitchableOutletPressureBC

!syntax description /FVBCs/INSFVSwitchableOutletPressureBC

The file is similar to [INSFVOutletPressureBC.md] but it allows the boundary conditions to be switched on/off.

> This object simply wraps [`FVFunctionDirichletBC`](FVFunctionDirichletBC.md), so

Reviewer 2: Need to update this documentation

Reviewer 2: Actually I see this is a copy of the now-base-class doc, so you can just delete this whole paragraph.

Author: Thanks. Deleted

a required parameter is `function` describing the pressure along an outlet
boundary. The `variable` parameter should correspond to the pressure
variable. `INSFVSwitchableOutletPressureBC` also inherits from `INSFVFullyDevelopedBC`
which allows modifications to the coefficients used to compute the Rhie-Chow
interpolation in [`INSFVMomentumAdvection`](INSFVMomentumAdvection.md). When
applying a `INSFVSwitchableOutletPressureBC` for the pressure, no `FVBCs` should be given
for the velocity on the same `boundary`. In this way a zero viscous flux is
implicitly applied for the velocity on the `boundary`.

The switch works as follows:

> - If `switch = true`: the boundary condition is applied as described above.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- If `switch = true`: the boundary condition is applied as described in [INSFVOutletPressureBC.md].
```

Author: Thanks. Changed
